README.md, before:

[![Actions Status](https://github.com/steezeburger/mailto-link-creator/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/steezeburger/mailto-link-creator/actions)

## mailto: link creator
An app to easily create shareable links for autofilled e-mail campaigns.

### Current Limitations
* you'll generally still need at least one placeholder in the email body for the sender's name, something like `[YOUR NAME HERE]`

### Roadmap
- [x] `mailto:` link generation
- [x] link shortening with TinyUrl
- [x] tests
- [ ] custom url shortener
- [ ] a feature to generate a page with a list of links where user can type in name to autofill the entire email body


### Contributions
E-mail me if you'd like to contribute. Designers, programmers, or even those that have a feature idea should not hesitate to reach out.

You can simply fork the repo to begin contributing.
* install depdencies - `yarn install`
* run development server - `yarn start`
* run tests in watch mode (reruns after file saves) - `yarn test`
* build production release - `yarn build`

Commit message:

meta og title, image. rm react icons. rm manifest. rm unneeded html. (#4)
* meta og title, image. rm react icons. rm manifest. rm unneeded html.

* update readme

README.md, after:

[![Actions Status](https://github.com/steezeburger/mailto-link-creator/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/steezeburger/mailto-link-creator/actions)

## mailto: link creator
An app to easily create shareable links for autofilled e-mail campaigns.

### Current Limitations
* you'll generally still need at least one placeholder in the email body for the sender's name, something like `[YOUR NAME HERE]`

### Roadmap
- [x] `mailto:` link generation
- [x] link shortening with TinyUrl
- [x] tests
- [x] CI w/ linting, testing, building, deploying
- [x] title and image meta og tags
- [ ] CI to lint and test feature branches
- [ ] custom url shortener
- [ ] a feature to generate a page with a list of links where user can type in name to autofill the entire email body


### Contributions
E-mail me if you'd like to contribute. Designers, programmers, or even those that have a feature idea should not hesitate to reach out.

You can simply fork the repo to begin contributing.
* install depdencies - `yarn install`
* run development server - `yarn start`
* run tests in watch mode (reruns after file saves) - `yarn test`
* build production release - `yarn build`
